readme.MD, before:

# Advent of Code

Thousands of programmers are undertaking the inaugural [Advent of Code](http://adventofcode.com/about); a series of small programming puzzles for a variety of skill levels. These are my puzzle solutions.

My midnight workflow solely requires a browser to write JavaScript in the developer console.

## Demo

[![Advent of Code Day 1 Solution Test Demonstration](http://i.imgur.com/4Vjj5lC.gif "Advent of Code Day 1 Solution Test Demonstration")](https://youtu.be/NdhpbGZIrVk)

## Notes

*See source code for inline comments including hacks referring to sound code sacrificed for immediate results*

- **Day 1:** This'll be fun.
- **Day 2:** There's a leaderboard?
- **Day 3:** 89th!
- **Day 4:** Lesson learned: escape timed out tabs with alerts.
- **Day 5:** 81st!
- **Day 6:** Reminder: Cache large datasets.
- **Day 7:** 90th!
- **Day 8:** Lesson learned: Manipulate escaped literals before JavaScript interprets them. Lost nearly two hours there. What leaderboard?
- **Day 9:** We meet again Permutations. Back to back leaderboard omissions.
- **Day 10:** First time playing Look and Say.
- **Day 11:** That awkward moment you solve the puzzle input exorbitantly faster than the examples.
- **Day 12:** Recursion my old friend. 91st!
- **Day 13:** Oh Aldo. GCHQ next.
- **Day 14:** Objects everywhere.
- **Day 15:** Efficiency plummets. Writing the solution was straightforward. Waiting for the numbers to crunch was exhausting. Still, my limitations > JavaScript's limitations. I'll revisit this.
- **Day 16:** Bottleneck: Deciphering the question. I'll edit and upload my recorded process and update this readme after a good night's rest.
- **Day 17:** Conditional combinations. I slept a full 8 hours last night and missed the midnight rush. Earnestly took half an hour this morning.

Commit message:

Updated readme with solution screencast.

readme.MD, after:

# Advent of Code

Thousands of programmers are undertaking the inaugural [Advent of Code](http://adventofcode.com/about); a series of small programming puzzles for a variety of skill levels. These are my puzzle solutions.

My midnight workflow solely requires a browser to write JavaScript in the developer console. Watch me [solve Day 16](https://youtu.be/QegR6FVZaXM)!

## Test

[![Advent of Code Day 1 Solution Test Demonstration](http://i.imgur.com/4Vjj5lC.gif "Advent of Code Day 1 Solution Test Demonstration")](https://youtu.be/NdhpbGZIrVk)

## Notes

*See source code for inline comments including hacks referring to sound code sacrificed for immediate results*

- **Day 1:** This'll be fun.
- **Day 2:** There's a leaderboard?
- **Day 3:** 89th!
- **Day 4:** Lesson learned: escape timed out tabs with alerts.
- **Day 5:** 81st!
- **Day 6:** Reminder: Cache large datasets.
- **Day 7:** 90th!
- **Day 8:** Lesson learned: Manipulate escaped literals before JavaScript interprets them. Lost nearly two hours there. What leaderboard?
- **Day 9:** We meet again Permutations. Back to back leaderboard omissions.
- **Day 10:** First time playing Look and Say.
- **Day 11:** That awkward moment you solve the puzzle input exorbitantly faster than the examples.
- **Day 12:** Recursion my old friend. 91st!
- **Day 13:** Oh Aldo. GCHQ next.
- **Day 14:** Objects everywhere.
- **Day 15:** Efficiency plummets. Writing the solution was straightforward. Waiting for the numbers to crunch was exhausting. Still, my limitations > JavaScript's limitations. I'll revisit this.
- **Day 16:** [Watch me solve it!](https://youtu.be/QegR6FVZaXM) I meant to include narration, but the synchronization became too time consuming; I'll narrate live next time.
- **Day 17:** Conditional combinations. I slept a full 8 hours last night and missed the midnight rush. Earnestly took half an hour this morning. Twenty minutes too long in hindsight. Always in hindsight.
